a decade ago for canarias fernando martín who tomorrow a course here in
monterrey
great an awareness is announced
We are talking about the ex-lover of telephones.
our job to leave suffering to that is what we should do
aware that no suffering councilor is that
the entire universe is based on a very clear premise
everything that is false produces suffering
So, yes, you are suffering because you have
a false belief install take
everything that the true can only produce almunia
or if not everything would be that they have returned
If not
this suffering that we
show to us
which is what we have to correct in our days
that what we do not accept is what you have and what you want will change the
bad in our life
or that the block
the wrong behaviors that we have as curious
inflexible arrogant intolerant
those behaviors cause suffering
I want to tell you the suffering of the plan way the little bombs stolen that
undertake the board of conscience
so that you are realizing
you have a fascist belief that is causing you wrong behaviors
is generating conflict
and conflict makes people lose creativity from conflict
your life energy
and the passes enter both in prison and the marin depression that this disease
that is, there is a very clear chain
I want to say that suffering is
the basis of the evolution of consciousness at a low level of consensus
we find a very low level in functions the planet earth
predominantly tempt the level of consciousness in a universe and 7
so here children basically learn to take control of our
emotions
there alcalá
to experience in life because it is through experience that we
we understand
you knowledge allows us to understand
it's the experience
in the rock that comes from the interior dt says I just realized this
because it came from adén
the truths do not count on truths edil has been experiencing
and for those that pronounce
the officers on the coasts the experience
i
suffering also helps us learn many things to get ahead
aa to get a family in the face of the bull by the horns
that is to say the one that the suffering has a consent the sense of
suffering is
unfortunately, we
we have a team
the ego is what is called the installed belief system that has a
person
that belief system and it's ice cream or ego 3 false beliefs basically
limitations
another one historical criteria of our mind the crises the vices that
us
so wrong now
and now we know how to act in an equivocal way
they make conflict with others
the conflict and all this kind of thing
p
is what we have to get out of our life because what we
we want to be happy
when expertise can not be had when you have a quantity prince suazo
is the matter mind
from the universe it determines that you have to get rid of it
for that they install them moment of birth for the moment in your childhood
the moment that your ego is brewing the culture your parents of the school the
area affiliation of and accurate
the fars press agency was installed
with them gómez act
and you are wrong
because they are false
when you make mistakes, you suffer
Wanting to find happiness examines the causes
that they produced it
and find the truth
all truth is hidden by a false belief
and emerged inside
the moment you eliminate three clubs
for the truth then what makes us feel good in arrears harmony the
forgiveness love compassion and understanding everything is exactly
essentially stable love
love the essential characteristic of love delivers
because neutrality
because neutrality the basis of respect contrary to the basis of tolerance
neutrality is what allows the universe to exist diversity
if I was not not entered
we would have to live what we wanted that we lived
then we would not have any responsibility over our life
we kept puppets living a
a script that he would have designed for us
but on the other hand mind is not like this reality is based on the free
freedom is the students tecos freedom shakhtar
but that freedom implies that you have --results
the time to make decisions and actions
in your life and in life, your loved ones
those results are the ones that lets you know
they are advanced last tax rate
the results
Of course, no matter how much your friend, I am Juan, I can see the results in your
are the ones that the filmmaker does not really take away are not
where is where the United States and in that act
we had a great time